[Music]
do you feel paranoid every once in a
while
but none of the people around you seem
to understand why do you feel like
someone's watching you but you have no
solid proof of it there's a possibility
it could be a stalker
it's normally either someone you used to
know and rejected or a real criminal
chasing their next victim
in either case don't panic just listen
up here's seven signs someone is
stalking you and how to deal with it
before you find out some foolproof signs
that you're being watched
get your unlimited access to a 100% safe
source click the subscribe button and
give that notification Bell a ring to
always stay on the bright side of life
number one you notice a stranger near
your workplace or in your neighborhood
it's natural that you don't know
everyone who walks by your door however
if someone walks by and hangs out under
your window fairly often it's a good
reason to be alarmed
it's also not okay to bump into the same
creepy guy at your local grocery store
or notice in parked right next to your
car every now and then why would someone
who doesn't work in your building leave
their vehicle there or go to a store in
your area to do their grocery shopping
it's highly likely that this suspected
stalker will try approaching your
neighbors it's totally ok to ask them if
they've noticed anyone suspicious and
find out if they've spoken to someone
who is inquiring about you and
pretending to be an old friend or
something like that
number two you receive unwanted gifts
it's common for stalkers to send their
victim flowers or gifts as much as you
might love the attention and flowers it
does get creepy when they keep coming
and you have no idea who's sending them
when stalkers see you get rid of their
gifts as you get nervous or angry you're
likely to do the most natural thing and
throw those flowers or chocolates in the
trash they take it to the next level
angry at you for the unreturned love
they might start sending inappropriate
gifts number three you get in trouble
and then rescued we all get flat tires
and run out of gas every once in a while
but when it starts happening too often
it's another sign that you have someone
after you stalkers use this trick to
play the hero since they often have a
bad case of hero syndrome those fake
good Samaritans create situations in
which you'll need the help of a friendly
stranger and then they just happen to be
passing by when you're in trouble
obviously it was them who made your tire
flat or stole your keys so they could
return them to you as a knight in
shining armor they could also be nearby
by accident when it rains and you don't
have an umbrella yes there are still
gallant gentlemen out there these days
but if it's the same guy that's been
under your window for days
he's clearly up to something more than
friendly assistance number 4 they're
spreading rumors about you stalkers
especially the aggressive kind or
rejected lovers can go to great lengths
to make your life worse and spoil your
reputation they can send provocative
material including pictures and letters
to your home or work address spread
harmful rumors about you or even make
fake police reports about you in
addition they can hire a private
investigator search public records and
social networks contact your friends
colleagues and distant family
and even search your personal belongings
and garbage to find dirty little details
with which to drag you through the mud
so if you hear rumors about yourself or
see something online it clearly means
someone put it there and that someone is
wishing you no good number five
something is wrong with your phone
have you noticed weird sounds or changes
of volume on your phone lines or maybe
there's suddenly static popping and
scratching out of nowhere all of these
are clear signs of a wiretap or other
listening device attached to your line
by an amateur eavesdropper those strange
sounds are caused by the discharge that
takes place when a bug or wiretap is
connected to your phone line and it's
not normal to hear any sounds from a
phone handset when it's hung up either
it could be somebody listening to what's
going on in your house number six you
notice strange activity on your social
networks when you spend a big portion of
your life online the Internet serves as
an excellent stalking ground it could be
in addition to real-life stalking or the
only form of stalking aimed at you many
cyber stalkers never meet their victims
in real life or even know their real
identities however this doesn't make
cyber stalking okay in addition to
obvious signs like messages from weird
accounts pay attention to likes you get
on private pictures from people you
don't know more often than not
stalkers can accidentally like your
picture or post and then immediately
take it back to remain unseen such like
dislike behavior can be accompanied by
random people viewing your stories on
Instagram and they could be potential
stalkers number seven an unfamiliar
number calls you all the time remember
one thing don't ignore constant calls
from unfamiliar numbers dropping such
call seems like the most natural thing
to do but if you want to get rid of them
for good
or report the stalker don't do it
stalkers normally don't actually want to
talk to you so when you pick up you'll
either hear complete silence or they'll
hang up on you the best thing you can do
is not tolerate those calls but ask your
service provider to identify the caller
if the number is hidden you can either
choose to block them or contact the
police if that's not the only sign of
stalking you've noticed now if you've
noticed one or more of these signs but
are still unsure whether they're for
real or if it's just a plot of your
imagination here's what you can do
change your daily patterns take your
morning run to a different Park try a
new route to work and get your coffee at
a new coffee shop if you still feel like
someone's watching you it's a seriously
alarming signal if it turns out that no
one's following you in this new routine
you get the bonus of spicing up your
life a bit in case you normally have
your ears plugged with headphones and
are on the phone all the time try
changing that as well pay more attention
to the people around you perhaps that
suspicious guy who accidentally I know
it's not an accident pushed you more
than three times is the stalker you
suspect you have the stalker if you
really have one will notice a change in
your behavior and come to the conclusion
that you know about them now when that
happens they are likely to disappear
from your life as they mostly fear being
exposed after all it's not the bravest
people who stalk others it could indeed
be your ex or a shy guy not knowing how
to win your attention otherwise in case
you still have unwanted attention that's
getting out of control make sure you're
safe
check your locks and check your home
security including windows and back
doors install alarms to be sure get a
new phone number and only give it to
those people who absolutely have to know
it make your social network accounts
private block anyone who looks
suspicious or
to contact you against your will try to
leave the house less often for a while
if that's possible when you do leave
never go out alone ask your friends or
family to accompany you for a while in
this situation your stalker will lose
you and will have no other choice but to
confront you openly then you'll have
clear evidence to report them to the
police
who will take lawful action they can
arrest charge or obtain a restraining
order against your stalker Wow can't
these folks just get a life I think they
should go take an adult education class
on how to win friends and stuff in a
non-creepy way so do you know of any
other ways to tell if you're being
watched let us know in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like
share this video with your friends to
help keep them safe and click Subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life